Some RunIt design notes

First of all we should remove from both CSub and runIt v1.0.0 the
system call, and instead use shell execute. Make these changes in comet bitbucket (or maybe even the whole organisation one?). Would be good to do a bit of a clean up for that.

This in the first instance should be v1.0.1

For version 2:

The main program needs to do two things:

1)Execute a batch script. This batch script will usually have some filesystem level operations, copying files from one location to another.
The destination location is a string that will need to change on new releases of comet.

2)Execute mec,  after copying is done and user is satisfied. Would be good to also take control of the os, and open the dialog box to load a base scenario, however this may be dangerous or even unnessary - the running of the script and then opening of mec is the most useful part.

This is relatively simple. 

The more challenging part is what happens when comet moves to a release.
Under the current version (v.1.0.0), both the batch script and the actual C++ program need to change where they point to. Changing the batch script is messy or unpleasant enough (for users who don't want to open up messy batch scripts); changing the program requries a recompilation.

The solution proposed for RunIt v2 is for this behaviour to be changed dynamically, i.e at runtime, so that no recompilation step is necessary.

The way this is being coded up so far is to have a text file so that the user can set the new mec directory there, and RunIt will take care of the rest.

Two seperate things need to happen:

1) The batch file must be read into RunIt; namely the line with "set MEC". We must then find the part in this line which starts "X:\" 
and replace it with line 2 of the config file (yes, for v2.0.0 the config file must have a strictly adhered to layout. Future releases are looking at having a more unconstrained layout)

2)RunIt must then read in line 4 of the config file and replace whatever directory in currently set in RunIt to open mec, with this one.


There is one glaring issue here, and that is the opening and reading of the batch file, and of the config file, and the other find a replace operations EACH time RunIt is run. And of course there is no persistent storage after it is run (or if we made some, like a another file, it willstill require opening and reading. But maybe this will not take that long... I would have to measure it. It could also leave to many points of failure. That is the benefit of having things hardcoded in this case - and relase cycle is not that long, that I can't change it when it needs to be; or I could just put this functionality back into the batch file (from which you can open programs also). Run it v1.0.0 is actually just a program to control the system, something which is probably better to do from the batch file (but of course, this started off, and still is, a fun play exercise in C++)

Perhaps that is the way to go...just put it in a batch script and tweak Windows 7 to do the whole batch script on taskbar thing (and failing that I could just keep the exe - its not THAT hard to compile and tweak, and the code has made it clear where to make the changes...

That is only to allow more time to spend on other work ideas, bigger things that are important too, and leave this still as great exercise (and something I will continue to do, for I have already learnt so much and it is a blast - I still have the GUI coming. And I do think it will be quite a nice little piece of C++ coding, with lots of things going on (over-engineered but on purpose so).)


